we've heard a lot from a lot of people
about this election so far we heard from
pundits and surrogates and experts and
anchors but we haven't yet heard from
kids so this afternoon we went out of
the street just outside our theater to
ask children to give us their thoughts
on our next president Donald J Trump you
know there was an election a couple days
ago right yes do you know who won Donald
Trump now how does Donald Trump make you
feel kind of if you if he now why is
that I don't know she's really really
how does that make you feel that Donald
J Trump is your president oh not really
comfortable but I mean it's the world
keeps moving on when he became president
what was the face that you made I made
an angry face let me see let me see
so how would you describe Donald Trump
well they try it and the idiot yeah how
does that make you feel and why I don't
really care cuz I'm Canadian but I don't
like him are you worried that
everybody's gonna come kind of but not
Snoop Dogg I want snoop tide to come
Donald Trump well he should um clean up
the whole earth
clean up the whole earth yeah he should
be a plumber well I think that so then
he gets dirty and yes to clean the
toilet if you ever say one nice thing
about him what would you say oh well she
doesn't it's not the ugliest person in
the world what did he look like he looks
weird
I don't do an oppression of Donald Trump
oh I could stand the middle of Broadway
and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose
any voters I'm doing a job and I'm the
best person in the world and Hillary
Clinton sucks can you do an impression
of Donald Trump she's a nasty woman is
dark top gonna be good it's a good guy
do you like him now would you want him
to be a babysitter yeah
why not okay I don't know you don't
trust him so so would you want dog talk
to be your dad
of course not why not he might murder my
mom
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy